[NARRATOR] Iruma's first test
after joining the Misfit Class
was a flying race.
But Sabnock insisted
on taking the more
dangerous course, and...
[grunts]
[SABNOCK]
So this is
the guardian of
Cutthroat Valley.
[growls]
Before I'm even close
to becoming the Demon King...
I... may die.
[NARRATOR]
Iruma Suzuki, age 14.
One day, he found himself
the grandson
of a demon named Sullivan.
Sullivan loves and spoils Iruma,
and is even sending him
to the most
prestigious school in the land.
But there's just one problem.
The school Iruma is attending
just so happens to be
the demon school
known as Babyls.
[IRUMA] I can't ever let them
find out I'm human
or I'm gonna get eaten for sure!
[IRUMA, ASMODEUS, KALEGO] "The
One Who Wants to Be Demon King."
[screeching]
[screams] So fast.
[NARRATOR]
Incidentally, the giant avian
giving Iruma a ride
is a demon bird
that experienced some trauma,
but Iruma found
he was able to heal its wound.
And it appears to have taken
quite a shine to him.
This is mind-blowing.
I wonder if it's gonna
fly me straight to the goal.
Uh, birdie, I think
this is the wrong way!
[BIRD squawking]
Are you listening?
Let's turn back!
[SABNOCK groans]
[SABNOCK]
That was dumb.
[growls]
I was right.
[weakly]
I'm going to die.
[GUARDIAN growling]
The Guardian of
Cutthroat Valley.
I guess it's no surprise
it certainly lives up
to its name.
[grunts]
[yells]
[NARRATOR]
Sabnock's bloodline ability:
Weapon Creation.
He can create weapons
made from whatever material
he's chomping on.
[low growling]
[SABNOCK]
Failure is not an option!
I, I must become
the Demon King at any cost!
The Demon King Prophecy Scroll?
This parchment says,
"He shall make one and all
his loyal servants."
Sabro, my son.
You are destined
to become the Demon King.
Go fulfill our family's wish.
Right.
Destiny?!
[SABNOCK'S BROTHER]
Farewell, Sabro.
We will one day fight
for the Demon King's throne.
[SABNOCK]
Big brother!
Fate?
Please, big brother,
become the Demon King for me.
Promise, no... matter what...
[groans weakly]
[SABNOCK]
Some promise?!
None of that actually happened,
it's all a lie!
My older brother is a pacifist,
and my little sister's
just fine!
I wanna become the Demon King
for only one reason...
because of all things
I could be,
that one is the coolest!
Because I was born a demon,
the coolest thing I can do
is stand at the top.
[grunts]
♪
[yelling]
Ugh! Damn you!
[grunts]
[growls]
[SABNOCK screams]
[groans]
[screams]
[groaning]
[panting]
[growling]
[roaring]
I won't... I won't do it!
I won't become a weak, pathetic,
toothless demon like him
who never strives
to improve himself.
[metallic clanging]
[groaning]
I'm proud of myself,
I have zero regrets.
My ambition has brought me
all the way here.
Yes, I will see
my resolve through
right to the bitter end!
[growls]
[SABNOCK gasps]
Please hang on!
Iruma! What art thou doing?!
[growls]
♪
[BOTH gasp]
[squawking]
[chirping frantically]
-[groans]
-I said, what art thou doing?
What do you mean?
You looked like you were
in trouble, so, I... Well...
[SABNOCK] Could that be
the child of the Guardian?
[IRUMA]
Say what?
Wait this is the Guardian
of Cutthroat Valley?
-And this is its child?!
-[SABNOCK] Hmm.
Yes. Now's my chance to attack.
-Hey, Guardian.
-[SABNOCK gasps]
Look your baby's foot
is all better now, 'kay?
I understand why you were upset.
I mean, who wouldn't be grumpy
if their child was injured.
-[BIRD screeches]
-[GUARDIAN grunts]
Uh, don't worry,
we're not gonna hurt you.
-[SABNOCK yells]
-Right?
[SABNOCK]
Huh?
What art thou saying?
This is our chance to--
Huh?
[grunts questioningly]
Put it down.
-But I...
-[IRUMA] Come on.
[chuckles]
[groans uncomfortably]
[sighs]
♪
[low growling]
-[thuds]
-[gasps]
[grunts softly]
[coos]
[SABNOCK gasps]
♪
The Guardian, it's bowing.
[IRUMA gasps]
Honestly, you're too kind.
-[GUARDIAN grunts softly]
-No problem, really.
[chuckles] I'm happy for you.
[SABNOCK] So this is
the honor student Iruma.
-What an unbelievable demon.
-Hey!
-[wings flapping]
-Don't fly too much yet, okay?
[KALEGO]
How is it possible that no one
has reached the goal by now?
[ASMODEUS]
Iruma sir!
Hmm?
Where is Master Iruma?
Looks like you're the first.
Yay! We made it to the goal.
Goal, score.
[KALEGO]
And I suppose she's second.
You need to go back
to the starting line
and fly here yourself!
[NARRATOR]
Surprising exactly no one,
Clara spent the entirety
of the race on Asmodeus' back.
[CLARA]
I don't see Iruma-kins.
-Where is he?
-[ASMODEUS] Hmm.
I figured by now he'd have
reached the goal already.
♪
[ELIZABETTA]
Those two are super late.
Yoo-hoo, Iruma-kins!
Come on, are you lost
out there somewhere?
-There's no point in waiting.
-We're waiting.
-[ASMODEUS gasps]
-[CLARA] Hey, Iruma-kins!
Silence. The test is complete.
I will now announce
the official rankings.
Hold it.
Master Iruma's not here yet.
Those who don't return
will be left behind.
[wind gusting]
-[ALL gasp]
-[CLARA] Whoa. Oh, man.
-Something's coming.
-[GIRL] So strong!
-[low growling]
-[murmuring]
The Guardian
of Cutthroat Valley?
Huh? That's it?
But why? Why would it leave
the valley and come here?
All of you, stay back!
Hey! We're here!
[laughs]
-[KALEGO gasps]
-[CLARA chuckles]
Iruma-kins and Goldie.
[ASMODEUS]
Amazing, master!
♪
[IRUMA]
Thank you! Take care!
[bell dings]
[KALEGO]
I will now announce your ranks.
This creature is a Rank Owl.
During this test,
he was watching
and assessing your every move.
Been a lot of birds today.
Yeah, happy bird day.
Don't forget that
other little bird.
[KALEGO]
As I was saying,
if you reach into the pocket
on his belly,
he'll give you
your ranking badge.
It looks like this.
[ALL gasp]
Since you filth came in last,
you will be last to get ranked.
[BOTH groan]
[SABNOCK]
Huh? [grunts]
You suck!
[laughter]
Let that be a lesson to you.
Enjoy the mockery, and being
pelted with tiny rocks.
-Heh.
-So Spiteful!
[KALEGO]
Alright, line up in single file.
-[ALL] Yes, sir.
-[SABNOCK] This is mortifying!
Well, I mean,
it could have been worse,
at least we weren't expelled for
coming back with the Guardian.
[scoffs] The looks
on their faces
were quite a sight to behold,
weren't they?
[IRUMA]
Mm-hmm. [chuckles]
Iruma, I have to say,
this is not something
I could have accomplished alone.
[IRUMA]
Hmm?
Allow me to show thee
my sincere gratitude.
-I am no match for thee.
-[IRUMA] Huh?
I apologize for my rudeness.
For thou art amazing.
[gasps]
So today, I formally
dub thee my rival!
I'm your rival?!
Let's you and I compete
for the Demon King's throne.
Uh, are you serious?
-But, I'm not really--
-[KALEGO] Hey.
Eyes front, slackers.
Get to the back of the line.
-[IRUMA] Sure.
-[SABNOCK] Right.
♪
[indistinct conversations]
[CLARA]
Really? I'm not nervous at all.
I'm gonna be fine.
[LEAD]
Whoa, he got Dalet.
No wonder he's
head of the whole class.
[CAMUI] First-years are
usually Alef, or Bet at most.
[NARRATOR] Demons are ranked
between one and ten.
The lower the number,
the weaker they are.
Conversely, higher numbers
mean greater power.
Well, I can't argue with that.
Although, the others
are doing quite well, too.
[chuckles]
[groaning softly]
♪
[chuckles]
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
How in the world
could you be a Gimel?
That cannot be!
Bow down to me.
My ranking
is higher than yours, fool.
-Well, she did place second.
-[chuckles]
Apparently luck is a skill, too.
[grunts in anger]
Preposterous!
♪
[grunts]
[GOEMON]
Oh, are you kidding me?
Sabnock got Bet?
[ELIZABETTA] I assumed
he would've placed higher.
Specially considering all
the teachers he fought for it.
Yeah, but he came
in last in the race.
[PICERO yawns]
[SABNOCK scoffs]
Bet, huh? Very well.
After nearly dying
mere moments ago
this won't set me back.
I'll just keep
climbing the ranks
and aim to become Demon King.
[KALEGO]
You're the last one. Get going.
Oh! Right.
-[indistinct chatter]
-Oh boy, Iruma's finally up.
I wonder what rank
he's gonna pull.
It'd be impressive if he got He.
[CAMUI] I think
you're amazing! [chuckles]
[IRUMA]
Sabnock's so incredible.
He actually
has a dream for the future.
Meanwhile, what's my future
going to look like here
in the netherworld?
[murmuring]
[groans]
You guys think he'll pull out
something weird again?
Like a bird familiar?
Silence.
Hmph.
The Rank Owl
is earnest and true.
It cannot be manipulated
nor swayed, period.
To say nothing of the fact
this Rank Owl
hasn't even made
a peep in a century.
[RANK OWL screeches sharply]
Till now.
[gasps] Hey! Hey, wait!
[screeches]
Wait! But I didn't
get my badge...
-[ALL gasp]
-...yet.
[gasps]
[ALL gasp]
Iruma sir?
Iruma-kins,
what's on your hand?
Huh?
That! Can it be?
The Demon King Prophecy Scroll?
Hear me, son.
The Demon King's throne
is currently empty
but this scroll
will clearly predict
the next Demon King
with apex certainty.
What kind will it be?
I'll read it from the beginning.
[SABNOCK]
Hmm.
[SABNOCK'S DAD]
"He shall make one and all,
"his loyal servants.
"He shall form blood pacts,
and heal all demon-kind.
"He shall descend
from a foreign realm
"and wear the sacred, golden
Ring of Solomon
on his right hand."
♪
[gasps] I knew it.
The golden sign
of the Demon King.
The Ring of Solomon.
[grunts]
What? Why won't it come off?
-Uh, a little help, here?
-[BOYS gasps]
[ALL yelp in fear]
Pretty please.
There's a thingy.
Huh?
[growls eerily]
[screams]
Help me! Get it off, get it off!
-You must calm down, Iruma sir.
-Please help me!
-No, I must be mistaken.
-[IRUMA] What is this?!
I've never heard
of the Ring of Solomon
generating black flames
like that.
I don't want it!
-Get it off of me, professor!
-Hey, don't wave that around.
[growls]
[roars]
What the hell?
[GOEMON]
It's like the worst death scream
in the history of ever!
Ow, my ears!
-[roaring]
-[ALL screaming]
[groans] What is that racket?
Whoever's screaming
has a hideous voice.
Uh, are you guys doin' okay?
How are you not
being affected by this?!
Uh, I don't know.
[ALL groan]
Well, if you're okay
make it stop screaming!
[IRUMA] Right, to make it
stop screaming,
I'll try this.
-Please hush, creepy monster.
-Just cover its freakin' mouth.
Don't you screech.
[CLARA]
A lullaby.
♪ It's sleepy,
sleepy, sleepy time ♪
♪ Please go back to sleep ♪
♪ Once you rolly roll into bed ♪
♪ You'll never wake up again ♪
-You're making it worse!
-[singing indistinctly]
Shut her up, too!
[BOY]
No, wait, it seems to like that.
-Look at it go.
-♪ Bye-bye ♪
[GOEMON]
Ooh, think it wants some candy?
-I need a picture.
-Quit enjoying this, morons!
Stop. I'll take care of this.
Stand back,
you shouldn't get too close.
Fear not, my stalwart rival.
I'll easily pull this
black smoke--
[IRUMA]
Sabnock, no!
[groans]
Oh, no, what now?
Leave this to me, Master Iruma.
Uh--
[screams]
[IRUMA]
Déjà vu!
Are you alright?
Yes, I'm perfectly fine, master.
Although the thing
appears to have sucked away
-some of my powers.
-[IRUMAN gasps]
Please do not worry yourself,
as I barely
even felt a nibble. [gags]
[IRUMA] That looks like
more than a nibble.
Iruma, let me get
a closer look at it.
[groans]
[gasps]
[BLACK SMOKE, in a eerie voice]
Professor.
Professor? Everything alright?
[KALEGO gasps] Hmm?
An illusion?
No.
[gasps]
[growls]
It's threatening me.
Very well.
This problem
must be dealt with swiftly.
Huh?
Careful.
You know that's not allowed.
-It's Grandpa!
-Chair Demon.
Hello, your grandpa is here.
Bad Kalego, that's a no-no.
You were about to try and blow
my Iruma's arms off,
weren't you?
[IRUMA]
Excuse me?
You were gonna do what?!
-[SULLIVAN grunting]
-What?
I thought the other students
might be in imminent danger.
[SULLIVAN]
Wrong! Haste makes waste.
I was startled by the noise,
so I came out to check, and--
-[growls]
-[IRUMA] Look out!
There we go.
Eat up. Enjoy your meal.
[gasps in fear]
It... went back in.
[SULLIVAN]
You see, my boy,
your ring is called
the Gluttonous Feeder Ring.
[IRUMA]
The Gluttonous Feeder Ring?
[SULLIVAN] It's a magical piece
that stores the wearer's powers,
but as it empties,
it'll try to eat
any powers available close by.
[IRUMA]
That sounds intense.
But it's perfectly harmless
as long as you make sure
it's always fed enough.
You poor thing.
You must've been crying
because you were so hungry.
He still has
that much magical power
after letting the little monster
eat so much?
Chair-Demon Sullivan
is a force to be reckoned with.
But now we won't be able
to rank the boy!
Oh, by the way,
once you put that ring on,
-you're stuck with it for life.
-[IRUMA] What?!
Sometimes, our little Rank Owl
has surprises in its pocket.
When you've lived a millennium,
you witness a few oddities.
[IRUMA] How can you
brush it off so easily?
Well, you are human.
That's quite a rare thing
here, isn't it? Hmm?
[grunts uncomfortably]
[sighs]
Is something the matter, master?
Is it your hand injury?
Huh? Uh, no.
Don't worry yourselves about me.
[NARRATOR]
When it was all said and done...
Now, say, "Devi."
[ALL]
Devi!
[NARRATOR]
Iruma and the other students'
first test was complete.
And since Iruma's rank
wasn't measurable...
[murmuring]
...he ended with up
the lowest rank, Alef.
[IRUMA sighs] I think
I finally got a fair evaluation.
Just because
he didn't get a badge
doesn't mean
he should be an Alef.
It's fine, Azz.
This is you we're talking about,
you should be a Yodh. [grunts]
Iruma-kins, bow down
to your superior.
-[laughs]
-Stop it!
How dare you be so rude?
How many times
must I repeat myself?
[IRUMA] A lot happened,
but if I'm at the bottom,
-I won't stand out.
-[CLARA] I don't know.
[NARRATOR]
Or so he thought.
-...gremlin girl.
-Manners?
-Did you see the paper?
-'Course I did.
[NARRATOR] The recent events
only made him stand out more.
His infamy was spreading
like wildfire,
though he didn't yet know it.
Hey, wait up, Iruma-kins.
Come on, master, we're off
to the morning assembly.
Let us skip to the auditorium.
Sure.
The three of us
are gonna go, go, go,
so let's go!
[NARRATOR]
He was utterly unaware
about the article
that had just
been posted about him.
[GIRL 1]
Look. Is that Asmodeus?
[GIRL 2] Paging all singles,
hottie on the ground.
[GIRL 3]
Even passed out, he's a babe.
Our Asmodeus is the dreamiest.
Yeah, but Iruma...
[sighs deeply]
[murmuring]
We'll now sing our school song.
[piano music playing]
[IRUMA]
Thank goodness I'm an Alef.
Now maybe I can
enjoy school life
without standing out too much.
♪ Humans, they are loved ♪
♪ For after all
they taste so very good ♪
♪ Suck them dry ♪
[IRUMA] But this song
is still terrifying.
[NARRATOR] Iruma once again
swore to himself
that he would never let them
find out he was human.
♪ May the sound of our... ♪
Su-ki-ma.
[caws]
Alright, we should head toward
the goal now, don't you think?
[SABNOCK] Yeah,
but my wings are a little...
[gasps]
[screeching]
-[IRUMA] Huh?
-[BIRD chirps]
Seriously? You'll take us?!
[grunts in affirmation]
Aah. You're so fluffy!
I didn't imagine
it would be this soft.
But I wonder
what I should grab on to.
It'll probably hurt
if I pull on its feathers.
[SABNOCK gasps]
Here we go.
Now thou art secure.
Uh, yeah.
I feel like I'm stuck
between a rock and cotton candy.
[SABNOCK]
Let us go!
[BOTH roar]
[IRUMA]
Hardly any turbulence.
Wow, what a smooth flight
this is.
[ASMODEUS]
I was blown away again.
I can't believe you tamed
the Guardian of
Cutthroat Valley!
I'm sure Kalego was shaking
in his boots, I love it.
How can I adequately express
to Master Iruma
how much he's blown me away?
Words simply fail me.
Next time, "Ameri's Theory."
The Student council president,
Azazel Ameri,
has her eye on Master Iruma.
What fate awaits
my dear master?
♪